---
author: ifuse-katayama
image: assets/images/2020-02-01-File_photo.jpg
layout: post
tags: []
title: 'A Year in Review: Ranking My Top 10 Films of 2019'
---

Over the past twelve months, we were handed a diverse collection of
films. Be it comedies, thrillers, action movies, or dramas, filmmakers
new and old raised the bar for this medium in 2019. As the year comes to
an end, I am taking a look back and ranking my top ten movies of the
year. I chose the films that challenged me as a viewer, made me think
for days after I watched it, and most importantly, films that were just
really fun to watch.

10\. **Climax** Dir. Gasper Noé *Climax* follows a group of aspiring
dancers in an abandoned school, as their rehearsal spirals out of
control into madness. This film is a visually stunning, yet disturbing
erotic rush from start to finish.

9\. **Shazam!** Dir. David F. Sandberg From DC Comics, *Shazam*! follows
14-year-old Billy Batson as he must learn how to deal with God-like
superpowers. With family values at the core of this film and a stellar
child cast, Shazam! is the most heartwarming superhero film of the year.

8\. **Ad Astra** Dir. James Gray Brad Pitt soars in this film which
explores the powerful bond between a father and son. Cinematographer
Hoyte van Hoytema delivers a visual spectacle of outer space.

7\. **The Peanut Butter Falcon** Dir. Tyler Nilson, Michael Schwartz A
young man with down syndrome escapes his nursing facility with dreams of
attending a wrestling school. Shia LaBeouf is mesmerizing in this
charming homage to a Mark Twain classic.

6\. **Midsommar** Dir. Ari Aster *Midsommar* is a confusing, thought
provoking, and ambitious film. Director Ari Aster creates another
masterfully crafted horror film that almost rivals Aster's previous
classic, Hereditary.

5\. **The Lighthouse** Dir. Robert Eggers Robert Pattinson and Willem
Dafoe give strong performances in this wicked tale of two lighthouse
keepers on a distant island in New England. Robert Eggers really
solidifies himself as a strong filmmaker in the horror genre with this
film.

4\. **Rocketman** Dir. Dexter Fletcher Taron Egerton gives his best
performance yet with *Rocketman*. I think it\'s going to be a long long
time until another film succeeds in creating a movie musical biopic as
intense as *Rocketman*.

3\. **Booksmart** Dir. Olivia Wilde Olivia Wilde's directorial debut is a
coming-of-age comedy between two best friends and academic
'overachievers' who realize that they've wasted their high school years
slaving away instead of having fun. *Booksmart* is a wild and fast-paced
movie that is clever in its portrayal of teenagers.

2\. **Joker** Dir. Todd Phillips *Joker* is a heartbreaking and brutal
take on the clown prince of crime's origin story. Todd Phillips draws
heavy inspiration from films such as Taxi Driver and The King of Comedy
to construct his tale of a man disregarded by society. Phillips's Gotham
is corrupt and crime ridden, but it's the realism that helps amplify the
film's critique of a society that dismisses its citizens. Joaquin
Phoenix gives a disturbing performance as Arthur Fleck that at times may
call on the viewer to sympathize with him but strictly acknowledges his
vile actions. Todd Phillip's direction and Lawrence Sher's beautiful
cinematography accompanied by [Hildur
Guðnadóttir](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHBF_enCA725CA725&sxsrf=ACYBGNQuXgS18sMnW0dR0f5xf7FY-3OGsg:1573864416354&q=Hildur+Gu%C3%B0nad%C3%B3ttir&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLSz9U3MKoyTMvIe8Toyi3w8sc9YSmbSWtOXmM04-IKzsgvd80rySypFNLgYoOy5Lj4pJC0aTBI8XAh8XkWsYp4ZOaklBYpuJce3pCXmHJ4c0lJZhEAfHynQG0AAAA)'s
hypnotizing score help make *Joker* standout film from 2019 that must be
viewed more than once to fully grasp.

1\. **Parasite** Dir. Bong Joon-ho Bong Joon-ho's *Parasite* is
undoubtedly 2019's must see film. Every aspect of this film from its
cast to its cinematography is fantastic. *Parasite*'s depiction of
themes of class, wealth, and dignity are apparent but not in your face.
Joon-ho's slow yet persistent race to the end will keep you on the edge
of your seat. *Parasite* follows the extremely poor Kim family as they
launch an all-out assault on the blatantly wealthy Park family. When
Kim's son, Ki-Woo, secures a job as a tutor for the daughter of the Park
family, he opens the door for the rest of his family to infiltrate the
Park's home. The Kim family makes quick work of ridding the Park
family's employees and securing their jobs through tactical and cunning
plans. Each member of the Kim family has a moment to shine. The film
starts off presenting itself as a satirical comedy but takes a jarring
turn into brutality. The film spirals out of control in front of your
eyes and you are forced to view every disturbing second of it. Bong's
mastery of the camera and formulation of violence is electrifying in
*Parasite*. This film is truly an unforgettable piece of cinema will be
deconstructed, examined, and celebrated for years to come.

Image Source: *[\"Welcome To The
Theater\"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/50048137@N00/8442936606) by
[rsmithing](https://www.flickr.com/photos/50048137@N00) is licensed
under [CC BY-NC 2.0
](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)*
