---
author: hnur
image: assets/images/2020-02-01-File_1_photo.jpg
layout: post
tags: []
title: ' All the Ways to Cope with Your Seasonal Depression This Winter'
---

The snow-covered street, the fear of slipping on black ice on the floor,
the hope of waking up to it being a snow day are all Toronto's ways of
saying it is here: the winter season. Gone (too soon) are the orange and
brown leafy streets, the comforting sweater weather, the therapeutic
feeling of ordering a pumpkin spice latte albeit it\'s horrendous taste.
Before those moments, we enjoyed the hot air, the feeling of no school,
the beach outings, picnics in the parks, the gorgeous sunsets, the
beautiful long days, and the alluring shorts nights. Now, we must endure
this horrible winter season. Does this sound a little melodramatic?

This is exactly how the winter season feels for those who suffer from
Seasonal Affective Disorder. Otherwise known as SAD or seasonal
depression, Seasonal Affective Disorder only affects 15% of Canadians
who tend to experience a milder version of SAD. Although it might sound
rare, it\'s important for everyone to know what it is in case it every
happens to yourself or a loved one.

For those who don't know what Seasonal Affective Disorder (**SAD**) is,
it is simply a type of depression that relates to changes in seasons.
Although most people have SAD starting at the end of fall or the
beginning and continue well into the end of winter, some do have it
after winter and during the summer season. It can lead to low energy,
moodiness, and a lack of motivation. For many people, SAD mostly
consists of wanting to stay in bed and doing nothing the entire day. It
can feel never-ending but here are a few things to combat your seasonal
depression.

**A Sun Lamp:** This lamp gives off a bright light that mimics natural
outdoor light. It also helps with other types of depression, sleep
disorders or other skin conditions.

**Distract yourself:** Activities include: hanging out with loved ones,
listening to a thrilling podcast, trying a new hobby or even starting a
new book or a television series. All of these can help take your mind
off of your depression and make your life feel better.

**Talk to a loved one:** It can be hard to express your feelings to a
loved one, but it always helps to know you're not alone.

The winter blues might take a toll on you every year, but we're hoping
that you pull through this year with the help of some of these tips or
even pure perseverance. Either way, we have faith in you.

Image Source:
*[\"Winter\"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/23969527@N05/3167454902) by
[abaransk](https://www.flickr.com/photos/23969527@N05) is licensed under
[CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)*
