---
author: anaing
image: assets/images/2020-02-01-File_3_photo.jpg
layout: post
tags: []
title: How To Do The Holidays Right!
---

It's that time of year again! The holidays are upon us and the
festivities are going to begin (as soon as winter break comes and we're
not studying for five tests every night)! After a long year you might be
looking back on fond memories or looking ahead in hopes of a better
year. Whatever the case, don't forget to make the most of the time we
have left before 2020!

Here are some suggestions!

1.  **Skate on an Ice Trail Through a Moonlit Forest!**

> About two and a half hours north of the city is Arrowhead Provincial
> Park. Why should you care? Well, if you're a fan of skating or the
> outdoors then this is the place to be! On the park's Fire and Ice
> nights (6pm to 9pm) you can skate down a picturesque trail through the
> woods lit up by torches! It's a promising and magical experience!

2.  **Visit Toronto's Christmas Market Ft. Victorian vibes!**

> Inspired by the European tradition of Christkindlmarkt, Toronto's
> Christmas Market in the cobblestone lined Distillery District is a
> mecca for those looking to get into the holiday spirit. Be mesmerized
> by the breathtaking lights and huge Christmas tree! Taste the
> holidays! Browse the beautiful crafts and gifts! Hear the choirs and
> music! It's the ultimate festive experience!

3.  **Watch Some Holiday Movies!**

> No doubt you've seen them countless times but I will watch 'Home
> Alone' every year around the holidays, no matter what! 'It\'s a
> Wonderful Life' and 'A Charlie Brown Christmas' are some other
> favorites of mine! Curl up with some warm blankets, hot cocoa and some
> friends / family!

All in all just enjoy yourself! You've all worked hard this year and
survived to tell the tale! Whether you're resting up or going full on
party mode I hope you have a great winter break! Until the new year,
keep warm MCI! :)

Image Source: *[\"Christmas
Tree\"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/68089229@N06/22961506443) by
[oatsy40](https://www.flickr.com/photos/68089229@N06) is licensed under
[CC BY 2.0
](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)*
