---
author: rmatharu
image: assets/images/2020-02-01-File_4_photo.jpg
layout: post
tags: []
title: Sleighing this Holiday Season
---

*A guide to tree-ting this season right (filled with history,
controversies, and more!)*

It has begun. Everyone has simultaneously agreed, as if some telepathic
phenomenon has occurred, and set out to accomplish one thing. 98.1 CHFI
has *Toronto's Christmas Music Station*; stores have transformed to fit
consumer holiday needs; Canada's Wonderland has created Winterfest; and
so on.

However, the question comes to mind: are *you* completely prepared for
the holiday season? If you answered no, read this guide! If you answered
yes, read this guide!

**ReSPECT; don't ReGIFT!**

Regifting- although harmless when done thoughtfully- requires careful
attention and etiquette. There are certain rules one must pay heed to
when committing such an act. Firstly, never regift anything meaningful
or handmade. Doing this will transform you into a Grinch! Secondly,
regift outside of your circle of friends. This avoids awkward tension
and does not hurt the original gift-giver. Thirdly, regift
*thoughtfully.* For example, you would not regift a Crock-Pot to your
7-year old brother; you would give it to your mom who is in need of one.

"When in doubt, regift to charity." This saying avoids many conflicts
and is a solution towards a greater good. Simply storing the gift or
throwing it away because you got the Crock-Pot 99 instead of Crock-Pot
100, wastes many resources, time, and energy.

**Bake with a Canine Twist!**

What's that I smell in your oven? Dog cookies! They are the motive this
season. The world wide web consists of numerous recipes that you can
follow to bake such lovely treats. Please note that chocolate is a dog
no-no!

**Controversy: Real or Fake?**

It has been debated out for an undocumented amount of time: should one
buy real or artificial Christmas trees? Firstly, if you have purchased
an artificial tree, reuse it for a long time to make it
environmentally-friendly. You would have to use it for more than 20
years to make it a more eco-friendly option. Real trees, however, have
surprising benefits to them. Christmas tree farms serve as a habitat for
local wildlife, giving a home to many species. Around 350 million trees
are grown on these farms, with 30 million being harvested. In the
industry continuum, these farms appear on the low end. However, it is
critical to compost or recycle your tree properly. If you're feeling
extra spicy, offer your tree to mulching and chipping programs, which
help grow more species for one's garden. To conclude this controversy,
buy a real, locally-grown tree. This also allows you to experience the
process of picking the *right* one.

Image Source: *[\"Reindeer and sleigh - Orphanage Road,
Erdington\"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/39415781@N06/32470702048) by
[ell brown](https://www.flickr.com/photos/39415781@N06) is licensed
under [CC BY-NC-SA 2.0
](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)*
